hello this is pressed a locker and happy
Friday the 13th in this video I'm going
to teach you how you can calculate
fractions of 13 in your head what is 6
divided by 13 I don't think many of you
can solve this problem in your head so
I'm going to teach you a trick the first
step is to multiply the dividend 6 by
the number 7 6 times 7 is equal to 42
the next step is to take the result and
further multiply it by 11 so we take 42
multiplied by 11 and that's 462 there's
a way you can multiply numbers by 11
I've explained the trick in a different
video you can also remember that 11 is
equal to 10 plus 1 so 42 times 11 is 420
plus 42 the remaining calculations will
be easy to do we subtract 1 from 462 and
we get 461 these are the first three
digits in our decimal representation the
next step is to take the 9s complement
of each digit these are the numbers
which make the other digit add up
tonight so 5 plus 4 is equal to 9 3 plus
6 is equal to 9 and 8 plus 1 is equal to
9 and those are the next three digits in
our answer so we now have all the digits
of the answer in order so 6 divided by
13 is equal to 0.4 61 5 3 8 and these
six digits repeat over and over again
so let's do another example let's try
1/13 we multiply the dividend 1 by 7 and
this part's easy 1 times 7 is equal to 7
then we take the result and multiply it
by 11 this is also an easy part 7 times
11 is 77 the only thing we have to
remember here is we want this as a
three-digit answer so we should write it
as 0 7 7 now we proceed with the rest of
the steps in our process so 0 7 7 minus
1 is 0 7 6 those are the first three
digits to get the next 3 digits we take
the 9s complement of each number 9 plus
0 is equal to 9 2 plus 7 is equal to 9
and 3 plus 6 is equal to 9 so those are
the next three digits in the decimal
representation so we can write the
answer using those digits in order that
1 divided by 13 is equal to point zero
seven six nine two three and those six
digits keep repeating and you can use
the same process to divide any number by
13 so why does this trick work the
reason is that 7 times 11 times 13 is
equal to 1001 so 2 divided by 13 is the
same as multiplying a number by 7 and
then 11 and dividing by 1001 there's a
trick to divide by 1001 which is where
the subtract 1 and the 9s complement
come in I hope you liked the video
please subscribe to my channel you can
support me on patreon catch me on my
blog find your decisions on Twitter at
pressure saw Walker and you can get my
books listed on my website